Motivation Letter
Seyed Alireza Hashemi

I am writing this letter to express my interest in the Summer@EPFL internship program. I hope to get the opportunity to participate in this program to get a chance to improve my knowledge and gain experience and skills.

I am Seyed Alireza Hashemi, a first-year M.Sc. student in Software Engineering at the Sharif University of Technology, the leading institution for engineering in Iran. I graduated with a bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering from the same university as well.

After passing two programming courses at the university (Web and Mobile programming) and gaining valuable experience by collaborating on technical projects, I discovered my passion for developing web applications. I started my work as a front-end engineer and gradually learned the basics of back-end development.

During my bachelor's degree, I started working in a technical position at an educational company. We designed and developed some gamified platforms, which help teachers have a better experience during teaching.

I love teaching too! I have taught math and computer science to my younger schoolmates for about six years since I was a student. Furthermore, I have been a teaching assistant at Sharif University's computer engineering department for seven courses.

After gaining experience through personal teaching and working in the educational company, three of my friends and I founded our startup called Kamva Academy. Kamva is an online platform that holds interactive-collaborative courses. I am the chief technology officer (CTO) of Kamva.
As Kamva enters its third year of existence, it offers over 20 interactive courses in math, physics, and computer science, with more than 7000 registered users.
The main characteristic of Kamva is the FSM Learning Model. Its learning paths follow the FSM rather than being linear. So, AI could route students to their different personalized paths.
Students in Kamva can take classes individually or as a team. If the students start their journey as a team, they will be able to connect with each other via audio and video. In addition, they will also be able to share a whiteboard online.

In general, I like to use my strong programming and software skills, plus my algorithmic vision, to build technological and digital assets, helping teachers and improving students' education.

Among the Summer@EPFL research domains, Digital Education was the one that most closely matched my interests. As a student, I would appreciate the opportunity to be mentored by professors such as Prof Pierre Dillenbourg (CHILI lab) and Prof Tanja Käser (ML4ED lab), who can give me a lot of guidance and knowledge.

I should add that I have passed the Artificial Intelligence and Design of Algorithms courses at university with high grades. I have also included on my CV a list of other related courses that I have completed.

Thank you for your attention.

Sincerely,
Seyed Alireza Hashemi

Email: amoo.hashem.mehraban@gmail.com
